Sun Shao, I want you to kill Xiao Fan
That poor guy is bullying you again
He not only hit me, but also scolded you
Saying that you are a fast man is not a man at all
He also said that the next time I see you, I will type it correctly
Sun Shao, can you bear this tone?
Baby wait
Wait until I go back and kill him
So when will you be back?
Not today.
I'm going to see a big client later.
It's important to us.
Ok I got it baby
See how I'll kill him when I go back?
Kiss a mua mua
Hahaha
Fire, this unparalleled waste, wait for me
Actually, we're going to meet this time
It is the chairperson of Ruihai Group Yinghai
It's the tenth largest group in the city
Yes, let me tell you
If I can cooperate with him this time
Our Rheinland Group is bound to have great development
You couldn't be better at being a good manager
But it doesn't matter if it can't be cured
I will prepare a hard fee specially for you.
After all, I was just on a whim.
Grabbing a straw and trying to save your life
Sun Zhifei
Lao Zhangmian, hahahaha, long time no see
This must be the legendary Lu Chao
Mr. Yukuru Bar
I have long heard that Lu Chaoyue is as beautiful as a flower
Good servant behind warp
Wow hahaha see you today
You lost Mr. Lu
What are these two?